# Contributing

This is a project that is for the community and its true essence is only possible when it is community driven.

Please feel free to contribute to this project and be a part of this. Anything from raising issues to adding new features or even a typo in documentations, all are welcome. Please report issues [here](https://github.com/acharles7/python-videos/issues/new). It is also recommended to go through the Contributions Best Practices below to help organize contributions :smiley:

## Contributions Best Practices

### Commits

* Write clear meaningful git commit messages (Do read about [good commit messages](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/))
* Make sure your PR's description contains GitHub's special numeric reference (If any) to the related issue.
* While adding questions, please make sure that you add only a single new question per PR as it becomes easy to review and maintain many PRs.

### Issues

* Feel free to open up any issue in the repository, whether it is about link broken,typo, improvements, bug fixes or documentation. You can also use any label you want to associate with the issue. Please provide a clear description of the issue while filing it :smiley:

### Questions

* While there are infinite number of python videos, it is impossible to collect all of them here. So please add only those questions that are either unique or informative or have some mind blowing tips or tricks from python conferences. Also, try not to file a PR for a question which is already present in the repo. Interesting questions and implementations are always welcomed :wink:

* Ask yourself "Is the link interesting enough that someone will really love it?" or "Is it some common or amazing thing people don't have enough knowledge about?". If yes to any of them, then sure, quickly file the PR :wink:

## How To Contribute?

You can add any videos to the repo as long as it is related to python conferences :smiley:

0. Firstly, fork the repo to your GitHub account. Just to get familiar with some terms, this will be the `origin`.

- upstream: https://github.com/acharles7/python-videos 
- origin:   https://github.com/your-username/python-videos

You will be making all your changes to origin and then file a PR to upstream from there.

1. Make sure to make a clone of the repository and add upstream.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/acharles7/python-videos.git
$ git remote add upstream https://github.com/acharles7/python-videos.git
```

2. Now `cd` into the directory and create a new branch for the issue. Let's call the branch `new-video`

```bash
$ git checkout -b new-video
```

3. Make your changes, add and commit them

```bash
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "Added PyData19 video"
```

4. Now push the branch to your origin

```bash
$ git push -u origin new-video
```

5. Now head to your GitHub account and open your fork of python-videos and make PR or click on link generated by the above commands which leads you directly to new PR page.

6. Write a good brief description and refer to the issue (if any) and submit the PR.

7. Now wait for the approval :smiley:

## Join The Development

Before you join the development, please fork and clone the repository to your local machine and explore it. Don't worry nothing will happen, atmost some code might not work :wink:

Feel free to contribute and be a part of this endeavour :beers:


